Line of sight readme improvements (#52)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-unity-samples: samples_project/Assets/SampleViewer/Samples/LineOfSight/readme.md

> # Check line of sight

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Calculate line of sight
```

Author: ```suggestion
# Determine the visibility for a line of sight
```

Show a line of sight between two objects. Check if the line of sight is obstructed by the ArcGIS 3D object scene layer.

![Image of line of sight](LineOfSight.jpg)

## How to use the sample

> 1. Open **LineOfSight** scene.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the **LineOfSight** scene.
```

2. Click on **LineOfSightMap** game object in the **Hierarchy** window.
3. Set your API key in the **Inspector** window.

> 4. Click play and see the line colors changes to red if there is any object to obstruct the sight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click play and see the line colors changes to red if there is any object obstructing the sight.
```

## How it works

> 1. Have an ArcGIS Map with the [mesh collider](https://developers.arcgis.com/unity/maps/mesh-collider/) enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Have an ArcGIS Map with the [mesh colliders](https://developers.arcgis.com/unity/maps/mesh-collider/) enabled.
```

> 1. Have an ArcGIS Map with the [mesh colliders](https://developers.arcgis.com/unity/maps/mesh-collider/) enabled.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Create an ArcGIS Map with the [mesh colliders](https://developers.arcgis.com/unity/maps/mesh-collider/) enabled.
```

> 2. Have a camera with the [**ArcGIS Camera**](https://developers.arcgis.com/unity/maps/camera/#arcgis-camera) component attached for the area.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Attach an [**ArcGIS Camera**](https://developers.arcgis.com/unity/maps/camera/#arcgis-camera) component to the active camera.
```

> 3. Make a parent game object with the [**ArcGIS Location**](https://developers.arcgis.com/unity/maps/location-component/) component attached for other game object to be nested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create a parent game object with the [**ArcGIS Location**](https://developers.arcgis.com/unity/maps/location-component/) component attached for other game object to be nested.
```

Reviewer: "make" is kind of ok but not as formal as "create"

> 3. Create a parent game object with the [**ArcGIS Location**](https://developers.arcgis.com/unity/maps/location-component/) component attached for other game object to be nested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create a parent game object with the [**ArcGIS Location**](https://developers.arcgis.com/unity/maps/location-component/) component attached.
```

Author: You don't need to attach a location component to each child game object if the parent has it. And the purpose of this game object is to be a parent of other game objects that are for this sample and place them with GIS coordinates as far as see in the sample. So I think it's better for users to know the purpose of this game object.

> 4. Create a game object with the **Transform** component attached for the target moving object under the parent game object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create a child game object as the moving target object under the parent game object with the **Transform** component attached.
```

Reviewer: which parent object? we need to specify that

Author: The Transform should be attached to the child and parent should have the Location component (one line above)

Author: ```suggestion
4. Create a child game object as the moving target object under the parent game object with the **ArcGIS Location** component attached.
```

Since the line above has a link to the doc page, we don't need a link on this line for the ArcGIS Location component.

> 4. Have a game object that uses the **Transform** component for the target moving object under the game object with the **ArcGIS Location** component.

Reviewer 2: I don't understand this step

Author: This one was originally `Create child game objects in the scene that use `Transform` components.` I understood this is this game object.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53481408/200013690-51f09257-6149-47f1-aa98-34bd8479c3d7.png)

I was also having trouble making this one clear... What about this/

 ```suggestion
4. Put a game object that uses the **Transform** component for the target moving object under the parent game object.
```

Maybe we could add `(The sample uses a Cube game object.)` at the end.

Author: ```suggestion
4. Create a game object with the **Transform** component attached for the target moving object under the parent game object.
```

> 5. Have a game object for the viewpoint and another for the sight line under the game object with the **ArcGIS Location** component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Have a game object for the viewpoint and another for the line of sight under the game object with the **ArcGIS Location** component.
```

Author: ```suggestion
5. Create a game object for the viewpoint and another for the line of sight under the game object with the **ArcGIS Location** component.
```

> 6. Have a parent game object and nest the moving object's path points in the area.

Reviewer: I agree with Andy that it's better to use put than have. Also only use put when it's already created, if it's not we should use create

Author: ```suggestion
6. Create a parent game object and nest the moving object's path points in the area.
```

> 6. Create a parent game object and nest the moving object's path points in the area.

Reviewer: which path points? I don't see it mentioned previously...

Author: It doesn't need to be mentioned previously because this is Waypoints and everything under.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53481408/202182014-d04878d6-183c-42e8-9a8b-05b189ae6e1b.png)

> 7. Have scripts to update the [Transform](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Transform.html) of the moving object according to the path points.

Author: ```suggestion
7. Attach a script to the parent game object that has the moving object's path points as children to update the [Transform](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Transform.html) of the moving object according to the path points.
```

> 7. Attach a script to the parent game object that has the moving object's path points as children to update the [Transform](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Transform.html) of the moving object according to the path points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Attach a script to the parent game object that has the moving object's path points to update the [Transform](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Transform.html) of the moving object according to the path points.
```

> 8. Have a script to use [Raycast](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Physics.Raycast.html).

Reviewer: so is the script in step 8 the same script with step 7? if so we should mention that, what it currently writes it sounds like there're two scripts

Author: They are two different scripts attached to two different game objects. I put suggestions with a new version but I feel like there is a better way of explaining them... (I'm using too much `to` 😢 )

> 8. Have a script to use [Raycast](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Physics.Raycast.html).

Author: ```suggestion
8. Attach a script to the game object for the viewpoint to use [Raycast](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Physics.Raycast.html) .
```

> 8. Have a script to use [Raycast](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Physics.Raycast.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Create a script to use [Raycast](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Physics.Raycast.html).
```

    - Use [`Physics.Raycast`](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Physics.Raycast.html) to check any any obstructions between the viewpoint and the moving object.

>     - Use the [`RaycastHit.point`](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/RaycastHit-point.html) property to determine where the line of sight from the first object collides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Use the [`RaycastHit.point`](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/RaycastHit-point.html) property to determine where the line of sight intersects with the first object on its path.
```
